2a. Consider an array of names. We have to find out how many of them start with the letter 
"a". Create an automation where the number of names starting with "a" is counted and the 
result is displayed. 
Step-1: click on Process 
Step-2: Give name to the practical and click on create
Step-3: create a sequence by using activity search column 
Step-4: select assign option from search activities option 
Step-5: set variables and give random names in value to save option in assign box 
Step-6: select for each option from search activities 
step 7:The further steps are as follows:
a) define names value in variables in for each current text. 
b) Set an assign box inside body of an for each current text. 
[value to save-currentText.Substring(0, 1)] 
c) Set an If condition on condition* [firstletter.ToLower.Equals("a")]. 
d) Follow the image for further commands and reference. 
Step-8: Click on debug file and run the sequence


2b. Demonstrate switch statement with an example. 
Step-1: click on Process
Step-2: Give name to the practical and click on create 
Step-3: The sequence model are as follows: 
a) Make an sequence box by using search activities 
b) Then make an input dialog box 
c) Then give five switch statement in switch option provided by search activities 
d) Set variable value as number 
e) Follow the image for sequence model 
Click on debug file and run the sequence.


2c. Create an automation To Print numbers from 1 to 10 with break after the writeline 
activity inside for each activity 
Step-1: click on Process 
Step-2: Give name to the practical and click on create 
Step-3: select the options as follows: 
a) First select the sequence option. 
b) Then select the do while option from search activities 
c) Select the write line option and drag in side the body option 
d) Connect the assign box to the write line 
e) Define the variable Int 
f) 
Give condition as Int<11 
Step-4: click on debug file option and get the output 





3a. Create an automation using Do..While Activity to print numbers from 5 to 1 
