1a. Create a simple sequence-based project. 
Step-1: click on Process 
Step-2: Give name to the practical and click on create
Step-3: Go to Search activities on the activities bar: 
Step-4: Drag and drop the sequence option in the main file 
Step-5: Then drag and drop the two input dialog box and message box in sequence box 
Step-6: Then print names as an example of sequence-based project 
a) Write “PrintingNames” in both input dialog box at Dialog Title option. 
b) Write “FrirstName” in first input dialog box and write “Lastname” in second input 
dialog box at input label option 
c) Select input type text box 
d) Put FirstName at value entered option in first input dialog box and put LastName at 
value entered option at second input dialog box. 
e) Write FirstName+””+Lastname in text option of message box 
f) 
Then click on Debug file option at the top left 


1b. Create a flowchart-based project. 
Step-1: click on Process
Step-2: Give name to the practical and click on create 
Step-3: Go to drop down of new and click on flowchart.
Step-4: Give name and save the file. 
Step-5: Make an simple flow chart by printing your full name or college name by using 
a) An input dialog box: 
Double click on input dialog box, then fill the details and set result value. 
b) Message box: 
Write the result value in text* section of message box. 
Then connect flow char arrow to each box and click on debug file. 



1c. Automate UiPath Number Calculation (Subtraction, Multiplication, Division of 
numbers). 
Step-1: click on Process 
Step-2: Give name to the practical and click on create 
S 
Step-3: make main file as an given steps as follows (drag and drog all option from activity 
search option): 
a) Sequence box 
b) Two input dialog boxes 
Give values of input and set variable as Firstnum and Secondnum. 
c) Four Message boxes: 
Insert the value of text as "Division"+" "+(Firstnum/Secondnum).ToString. 

1d. Create an automation UiPath project using different types of variables (number, 
datetime, Boolean, generic, array, data table) 
Step-1: click on Process 
Step-2: Give name to the practical and click on create
